docs: :pencil2: match design output with actual output (#524)
steno-aarhus/osdc: vignettes/design.qmd

The osdc package contains one main function that classifies individuals
into those with either type 1 or type 2 diabetes using the Danish
registers and a few helper pre-processing functions.

### `classify_diabetes()`

This function classifies those with diabetes (type 1 or 2) based on the

> Danish registers described in the `vignette("design")` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Danish registers described in this vignette and
```

`vignette("data-sources")`. All data sources needed by osdc are used as

> input for this function. The specific details of the classification

Reviewer: I guess this will change when we move the lpr prep out and only require one input for all lpr data sources (same for e.g., L141-142).
Should this be changed here/now or in a PR I make later?

Author: I'm updating it in a separate PR ☺️

#| output: asis
#| echo: false
registers() |>
  purrr::imap_chr(~ glue::glue("- `{.y}`: The register or set of registers called '{.x$name}' in Danish.")) |>
  unname() |>
  cat(sep = "\n")
```

> The output is a DuckDB object which includes four columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output is a DuckDB object with four columns:
```
